we need to cover our tracks no one can
know umbrella was involved the
corporation has used the outbreak in
Raccoon City as an opportunity to deploy
a prototype of our most powerful and
responsive eow to date
medieval umbrellas survival the story of
what happened one never be known
we're here to collect a cheap artisan
they are unaware of this operation in
the series
that is what my career's lead
I love this child
all right let's do this the hard way
Claire fire scrap of evidence every
survivor why are you doing this for
umbrella
believe me hope you haven't forgotten
your friend Nikolai how do you like my
little contraptions there are no
survivors
they're all dead this is war
survival is your responsibility